NEW Add documentation linting option (#112)
silverstripe/gha-ci: README.md

Dynamically generate a matrix using feature detection. If disabled, jobs must be defined using the extra_jobs input. Default is true, disable with:
`dynamic_matrix: false`

##### Documentation linting

> Runs linting against documentation using [silverstripe/documentation-lint](https://github.com/silverstripe/documentation-lint/) if the `.ss-docs-lint` config file is available. Default is true, disable with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs linting against documentation using [silverstripe/documentation-lint](https://github.com/silverstripe/documentation-lint/) if the `.doclintrc` config file is available. Default is true, disable with:
```

Reviewer 2: Done
